So ja I
opportunities across
the technology delivery life cycle. That is what TDLC stands for.
So the first and foremost thing uh we need to
focus on is understand the patterns in gene A I.
So when we say understanding the patterns, right?
So there are different types of patterns. So
like generation.
So what do we mean by generation? So when we say generation,
it could be, you know, generating a survey,
generating a template,
right? So the generating uh uh requirements with a complete acceptance criteria,
generating a test case.
So like that, uh you know, that is what generation is all about then completion.
So when we say completion, it is actually
uh
completing uh information.
So you start writing a piece of code,
then you know the the through ja I you will be able to complete it,
you you give the un user story, it will be in a position to
complete the user story with the right acceptance criteria,
right? So that is the completion then synthesis. So when we say synthesis,
it is more focused on,
you know, collating information
or collecting the information from multiple sources and then
uh
and creating it in a presentable format. Say, for example,
um if you're familiar,
if I'm not sure how many of you are in the support uh space in the operation space,
right?
So, but typically in an operation space, for example,
um there can be a scenario where there might be
an issue with respect to uh a job failure.
So when there is a job failure, right, typically what happens is
the support team goes ahead and looks into multiple log files. So
and so what to do and then they come up
that particular information,
right? So, but this entire process it can be done through ja I,
so you where in which you
all that information? So that is synthesis, then analysis,
analysis is actually once you collate all that particular information,
you analyze it to identify
what could be the root cause of a particular issue, right? So that is the analysis.
Then summarization,
summarization is all about, you know, say for example, you know, somebody is uh
uh makes a call, right? Or during your
on on on a day to day basis, you have multiple calls, right? It's on an ongoing thing.
But and post that particular call, you would want to uh you know,
uh quickly create a minutes of the meeting,
summarize the gist of that particular conversation.
Now,
that entire thing can
transcribed, then you can create a summary out of it using a gen A I,
right? So that is summarization then sentiment analysis. So typically
uh any uh text or any content that is spoken, right?
So it all there is there might be either a
positive sentiment or a negative sentiment or there could be a
neutral sentiment.
Now, when we actually, and uh when we go with the traditional A I,
we need to train the model to, you know,
understand what was the sentiment of that particular text.
Now through gen A I, you just provide a particular test text.
It will be in a position to give you what was the particular sent, right?
Which the particular user might have uh you know,
with which the user might have spoken about, then there is remit.
So when we say remediation, it is all about fixing.
So yeah, typically, you know, once a code is developed, then what happens, you know,
we might want to review that particular code.
So typically, what do we do? We go ahead and we make use of uh different tools.
One of the tools may be, you know, it could be a Sonar cube. So for um so so not
cube is a tool which is used for code review
for those who may not really be familiar with that.
So now once you I I review the code,
then it might identify what could be the issues in the code.
Now you have to go ahead and fix it, right? So when you are so through ja I,
you will be in a position to quickly
you know, fix that particular code, then segmentation of that code,
uh segmentation is more of clustering.
So you, you give it have a incident description,
then it will be in a position to uh cluster that then again,
translation translation is all about, you know, translating, you know,
say from one language to another,
maybe from Spanish to English or German to English or you know,
translating, you know,
from one programming language to another programming language,
maybe from uh uh uh C program to a Java program.
So like that, then Q and A is more about, you know, you ask a question,
get a response and then classification, you have some defects,
you might want to classify it, you know, as a
um you know, uh simple medium complex and so on. And typically,
you know, we typically, what we do is we go ahead and provide labels.
But now all these things, you can just go ahead and uh you know,
you can perform through JA I but, and,
and this is what uh these are the different uh patterns that we see uh across here now.
And what we see over here is this uh across the different
areas in the technology delivery life cycle that I already spoke about,
right?
So with respect to in
requirements, so in requirements, you can go ahead and create the requirements,
you'll be able to then summarizing those requirements,
then generating the prototypes, right?
And then again, you know, based on the user stories or requirements,
generating the design documents, then generating an architectural diagram,
you know the technical, the functional architecture,
the application architecture, the technical architecture.
Then again from a development I like I told about it's uh generating code,
analyzing the code remediating the code, then testing in testing,
generating test cases data,
then automation, then you might have a regression test suit.
You might want to optimize a particular regression test suit.
You might want to uh you know, there could be duplicate uh regression test.
So you might look at your,
you know, you might want to optimize the entire regression test bed, right.
Then while deploying, you might, you might want to, you know,
if you're having AC I CD pipeline, you might generate the terraform scripts,
you might perform the infrastructure provisioning and
then deploy then again from a support standpoint
uh in operate, you know, it's
automatically,
you know, synthesizing and analyzing the root causes,
then uh enriching ticket data and then automating generating the documents.
So all these things and then again,
there are multiple aspects and from a collaboration standpoint,
then document search knowledge management and so on.
So these are the different NA
I opportunities across the technology delivery life cycle.